nelgetha--->nelgetha remove malagant
nelgetha--->nelgetha remove jasper
nelgetha--->nelgetha remove jodeci
nelgetha--->nelgetha remove ganan
nelgetha--->nelgetha remove thorn
nelgetha--->nelgetha remove nathaniel
nelgetha--->nelgetha remove tien
nelgetha--->nelgetha remove jette
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
diesirae--->diesirae ally cholo
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
moonstone--->moonstone ally brody
alderon--->alderon ally terrell
alderon--->alderon ally khaos
adredus--->adredus ally braith
alderon--->alderon remove nof
alderon--->alderon remove jaral
alderon--->alderon remove nilgo
alderon--->alderon remove kalero
alderon--->alderon remove chad
alderon--->alderon remove odysseus
alderon--->alderon remove jotto
alderon--->alderon remove matthew
alderon--->alderon remove piccolo
alderon--->alderon remove cholo
alderon--->alderon remove xaltar
alderon--->alderon remove ganan
alderon--->alderon remove tesyn
alderon--->alderon remove grendell
alderon--->alderon remove keith
alderon--->alderon remove cerberus
alderon--->alderon remove alpha
alderon--->alderon remove pakan
alderon--->alderon remove johni
alderon--->alderon remove posideon
alderon--->alderon remove silvex
alderon--->alderon remove kilimar
alderon--->alderon remove chaoz
alderon--->alderon remove daehan
alderon--->alderon remove lefend
alderon--->alderon remove mykridia
alderon--->alderon remove vangelis
alderon--->alderon remove stilgar
alderon--->alderon remove vegeta
alderon--->alderon remove neiko
alderon--->alderon remove khayman
alderon--->alderon remove everlon
alderon--->alderon remove verdilith
alderon--->alderon remove nathaniel
alderon--->alderon remove deckon
alderon--->alderon remove nechochwyn
alderon--->alderon remove tien
alderon--->alderon remove eyoh
alderon--->alderon remove ally
alderon--->alderon remove djinn
alderon--->alderon remove shadja
alderon--->alderon remove devus
alderon--->alderon remove martel
alderon--->alderon remove theoden
alderon--->alderon remove etoh
alderon--->alderon remove jasper
alderon--->alderon remove kenshiro
alderon--->alderon remove khaos
alderon--->alderon remove parabola
alderon--->alderon remove elrond
alderon--->alderon remove zoso
alderon--->alderon remove yue
alderon--->alderon remove yeu
alderon--->alderon remove zephid
alderon--->alderon remove nyarlthotep
alderon--->alderon remove fila
alderon--->alderon remove jim
alderon--->alderon remove terrell
alderon--->alderon remove catherine
alderon--->alderon remove regulus
alderon--->alderon remove mors
alderon--->alderon remove piotr
alderon--->alderon remove xai
alderon--->alderon remove flik
alderon--->alderon remove lia
alderon--->alderon remove sinjon
alderon--->alderon remove ash
alderon--->alderon remove leela
alderon--->alderon remove bocho
alderon--->alderon remove taj
alderon--->alderon remove chakon
alderon--->alderon remove wittaker
alderon--->alderon remove helios
alderon--->alderon remove octavian
alderon--->alderon remove kentrunks
alderon--->alderon remove quigon
alderon--->alderon remove greenly
alderon--->alderon remove sha
alderon--->alderon remove devon
alderon--->alderon remove lanken
alderon--->alderon remove tapion
alderon--->alderon remove feurrio
alderon--->alderon remove jodeci
alderon--->alderon remove braith
alderon--->alderon remove goom
alderon--->alderon remove marcellus
alderon--->alderon remove tarl
alderon--->alderon remove apoc
alderon--->alderon remove kayla
alderon--->alderon remove malagant
alderon--->alderon remove trisha
alderon--->alderon remove tarwin
alderon--->alderon remove nomekop
alderon--->alderon remove pellaeon
alderon--->alderon remove percival
alderon--->alderon remove millian
alderon--->alderon remove jette
alderon--->alderon remove trevyn
alderon--->alderon remove johnathan
alderon--->alderon remove allison
alderon--->alderon remove hobbes
alderon--->alderon remove drakmorr
alderon--->alderon remove aeacus
alderon--->alderon remove morgoth
alderon--->alderon remove richart
alderon--->alderon remove marah
alderon--->alderon remove thorn
alderon--->alderon remove shakira
alderon--->alderon remove stassadar
alderon--->alderon remove tassadar
alderon--->alderon remove brody
alderon--->alderon remove drail
alderon--->alderon remove shaitan
alderon--->alderon remove suntek
alderon--->alderon remove odo
alderon--->alderon remove shakira
alderon--->alderon remove symeaneus
alderon--->alderon remove tassadar
alderon--->alderon remove azrhei
nelgetha--->nelgetha ally xangroth
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
nelgetha--->nelgetha ally cholo
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
avalon--->avalon ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
alderon--->alderon ally goom
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally flik
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus remove allison
adredus--->adredus ally allison
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol remove allison
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
avalon--->avalon ally rutee
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
alderon--->alderon ally azrhei
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally feurrio
diesirae--->diesirae remove silvex
diesirae--->diesirae remove merwin
diesirae--->diesirae remove nechochwyn
diesirae--->diesirae remove lews
diesirae--->diesirae remove matthew
diesirae--->diesirae remove millian
diesirae--->diesirae remove saitou
diesirae--->diesirae remove keith
diesirae--->diesirae remove ghaleon
diesirae--->diesirae remove slate
dolomite--->dolomite ally vegeta
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
sheol--->sheol ally allison
sheol--->sheol remove allison
sheol--->sheol ally allison
sheol--->sheol remove allison
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol remove kaija
sheol--->sheol add kaija
sheol--->sheol promote kaija 2
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
sheol--->sheol ally kaija
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
janish--->janish ally parabola
nelgetha--->nelgetha ally stilgar
nelgetha--->nelgetha ally xai
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally stilgar
alderon--->alderon ally lanken
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
sheol--->sheol ally enza
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol remove azrhei
sheol--->sheol add azrhei
sheol--->sheol promote azrhei 2
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally azrhei
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
janish--->janish ally mykridia
sheol--->sheol ally azrhei
alderon--->alderon ally kayla
deathscythe--->deathscythe remove moltar
avalon--->avalon ally fearin
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus remove hover
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally armando
dolomite--->dolomite ally stilgar
diesirae--->diesirae ally orlandu
diesirae--->diesirae quit orlandu
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
nelgetha--->nelgetha ally armando
janish--->janish ally grendell
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally hover
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
nelgetha--->nelgetha ally stilgar
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
adredus--->adredus ally fearin
sheol--->sheol ally azrhei
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally azrhei
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus remove allison
adredus--->adredus remove allison
adredus--->adredus demote boromir 1
janish--->janish ally alpha
adredus--->adredus ally lanken
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
diesirae--->diesirae ally armando
diesirae--->diesirae ally orlandu
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally khaos
icephyre--->icephyre ally boromir
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally khaos
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
janish--->janish ally etoh
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally derrick
avalon--->avalon ally xet
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
sheol--->sheol ally kaija
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
janish--->janish add posideon
janish--->janish remove posideon
janish--->janish add posideon
janish--->janish ally aeacus
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
diesirae--->diesirae ally alpha
diesirae--->diesirae ally devus
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
diesirae--->diesirae ally fila
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
diesirae--->diesirae remove fila
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
alderon--->alderon ally apoc
nelgetha--->nelgetha ally nathaniel
nelgetha--->nelgetha ally nathaniel
deathscythe--->deathscythe remove zephid
deathscythe--->deathscythe add zephid
deathscythe--->deathscythe promote zephid 2
deathscythe--->deathscythe promote zephid 3
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
nelgetha--->nelgetha ally orlandu
nelgetha--->nelgetha ally orlandu
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally orlandu
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally khaos
nelgetha--->nelgetha ally keith
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus remove malkin
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally fellwar
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
nelgetha--->nelgetha ally derrick
adredus--->adredus promote boromir 3
adredus--->adredus promote kayla 3
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
sheol--->sheol ally kaija
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
adredus--->adredus remove nof
adredus--->adredus ally nof
adredus--->adredus remove morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol remove tritian
sheol--->sheol ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
sheol--->sheol remove tritian
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
sheol--->sheol remove morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
deathscythe--->deathscythe add derrick
deathscythe--->deathscythe remove derrick
deathscythe--->deathscythe add derrick
deathscythe--->deathscythe promote derrick 3
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally derrick
sheol--->sheol ally kaija
sheol--->sheol ally traj
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus remove pellaeon
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus remove pellaeon
adredus--->adredus add pellaeon
adredus--->adredus promote pellaeon 3
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
deathscythe--->deathscythe quit derrick
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
deathscythe--->deathscythe remove sinjon
janish--->janish ally kilimar
janish--->janish ally kilimar
dejavu--->dejavu ally tier
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
deathscythe--->deathscythe remove zephid
deathscythe--->deathscythe add zephid
deathscythe--->deathscythe promote zephid 2
deathscythe--->deathscythe promote zephid 1
deathscythe--->deathscythe promote zephid 3
deathscythe--->deathscythe remove jaral
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally inasad
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
avalon--->avalon demote hover 1
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally jaral
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally derrick
diesirae--->diesirae add neiko
dolomite--->dolomite ally noodle
nelgetha--->nelgetha ally theoden
nelgetha--->nelgetha ally theoden
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally keith
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally josiah
adredus--->adredus promote shogun 3
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
sheol--->sheol remove morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol remove lachdanan
sheol--->sheol remove belar
sheol--->sheol remove goom
sheol--->sheol remove ludie
sheol--->sheol ally yodam
omega--->omega add jaral
omega--->omega remove jaral
omega--->omega add jaral
omega--->omega promote jaral 2
sheol--->sheol quit kaija
sheol--->sheol ally inasad
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
dolomite--->dolomite ally roger
nelgetha--->nelgetha ally roger
nelgetha--->nelgetha ally derek
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
deathscythe--->deathscythe remove jaral
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally jaral
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally jaral
omega--->omega remove jaral
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally jaral
deathscythe--->deathscythe add jaral
deathscythe--->deathscythe remove jaral
deathscythe--->deathscythe remove jaral
deathscythe--->deathscythe add jaral
sheol--->sheol demote piotr 3
sheol--->sheol promote catherine 4
deathscythe--->deathscythe remove josiah
deathscythe--->deathscythe remove orlandu
deathscythe--->deathscythe remove derek
sheol--->sheol ally greenly
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
auragamii--->auragamii demote regulus 3
auragamii--->auragamii promote lia 4
auragamii--->auragamii ally braith
auragamii--->auragamii ally haities
auragamii--->auragamii ally shakira
auragamii--->auragamii ally fearin
auragamii--->auragamii ally gabriel
auragamii--->auragamii ally lefend
auragamii--->auragamii ally rufus
sheol--->sheol add morgoth
sheol--->sheol add morgoth
sheol--->sheol add morgoth
sheol--->sheol add morgoth 2
sheol--->sheol add morgoth 1
sheol--->sheol remove morgoth
sheol--->sheol add morgoth
sheol--->sheol promote morgoth 1
sheol--->sheol promote morgoth 2
sheol--->sheol promote morgoth 3
sheol--->sheol ally taj
omega--->omega ally jaral
sheol--->sheol remove octavian
sheol--->sheol ally octavian
sheol--->sheol remove azrhei
adredus--->adredus remove azrhei
alderon--->alderon remove azrhei
auragamii--->auragamii remove azrhei
adredus--->adredus remove kaija
alderon--->alderon remove kaija
icephyre--->icephyre remove kaija
auragamii--->auragamii remove kaija
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
deathscythe--->deathscythe promote jaral 2
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
auragamii--->auragamii add greenly
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally derek
auragamii--->auragamii add greenly
auragamii--->auragamii remove greenly
auragamii--->auragamii add greenly
auragamii--->auragamii promote greenly 3
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally roger
moonstone--->moonstone ally derek
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally jottto
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
sheol--->sheol remove octavian
sheol--->sheol add octavian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus quit arein
sheol--->sheol remove arein
sheol--->sheol add arein
sheol--->sheol promote arein 2
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally arein
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
janish--->janish remove martel
sheol--->sheol ally octavian
sheol--->sheol remove octavian
sheol--->sheol add octavian
sheol--->sheol promote octavian 2
sheol--->sheol ally octavian
sheol--->sheol remove octavian
sheol--->sheol add octavian
sheol--->sheol promote octavian 2
sheol--->sheol ally octavian
sheol--->sheol ally xian
sheol--->sheol remove xian
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
sheol--->sheol ally octavian
omega--->omega ally stilgar
omega--->omega remove malagant
sheol--->sheol promote arein 3
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
sheol--->sheol ally lefend
sheol--->sheol ally boromir
moonstone--->moonstone ally roger
sheol--->sheol ally jaral
sheol--->sheol ally sinjon
sheol--->sheol remove jaral
sheol--->sheol remove enza
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus remove haities
adredus--->adredus add haities
diesirae--->diesirae ally derek
diesirae--->diesirae ally roger
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
deathscythe--->deathscythe promote jaral 3
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally driox
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally driox
sheol--->sheol remove traj
sheol--->sheol remove apoc
sheol--->sheol remove odo
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
nelgetha--->nelgetha ally jotto
nelgetha--->nelgetha ally driox
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
sheol--->sheol ally lews
sheol--->sheol remove lews
sheol--->sheol ally saruman
sheol--->sheol remove taj
sheol--->sheol ally flik
sheol--->sheol ally ludie
sheol--->sheol remove ludie
sheol--->sheol remove saruman
auragamii--->auragamii remove comette
auragamii--->auragamii remove hover
auragamii--->auragamii remove goom
auragamii--->auragamii remove traj
auragamii--->auragamii ally comette
auragamii--->auragamii ally goom
adredus--->adredus remove sinias
auragamii--->auragamii ally hover
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
janish--->janish ally nechochwyn
auragamii--->auragamii ally allison
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
deathscythe--->deathscythe remove aeacus
deathscythe--->deathscythe remove aeacus
adredus--->adredus ally nebacanezer
auragamii--->auragamii ally morgoth
auragamii--->auragamii remove hover
sheol--->sheol remove greenly
diesirae--->diesirae ally silvex
diesirae--->diesirae remove roger
diesirae--->diesirae add roger
diesirae--->diesirae promote roger 2
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
deathscythe--->deathscythe add azriel
diesirae--->diesirae ally roger
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
sheol--->sheol ally goom
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
diesirae--->diesirae ally driox
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
auragamii--->auragamii ally richart
auragamii--->auragamii remove richart
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
sheol--->sheol ally nilgo
sheol--->sheol remove yodam
sheol--->sheol remove nilgo
avalon--->avalon promote hover 2
moonstone--->moonstone remove derek
moonstone--->moonstone remove brody
janish--->janish ally driox
janish--->janish ally johni
diesirae--->diesirae ally chad
diesirae--->diesirae ally alpha
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
adredus--->adredus ally haities
adredus--->adredus ally daffney
adredus--->adredus ally sinias
deathscythe--->deathscythe remove fellwar
deathscythe--->deathscythe remove armando
deathscythe--->deathscythe remove ganan
deathscythe--->deathscythe remove slate
moonstone--->moonstone ally driox
deathscythe--->deathscythe ally nilgo
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
diesirae--->diesirae remove derek
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
sheol--->sheol ally morgoth
omega--->omega ally deckon
omega--->omega ally stilgar
sheol--->sheol ally nebacanezer
sheol--->sheol remove nebacaneze
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
avalon--->avalon ally atreides
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
alderon--->alderon ally inasad
avalon--->avalon ally apoc
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
adredus--->adredus ally tritian
auragamii--->auragamii ally feurrio
auragamii--->auragamii ally drakmorr
auragamii--->auragamii ally tskrang
auragamii--->auragamii ally nebacanezer
auragamii--->auragamii ally inujin
adredus--->adredus promote haities 3
adredus--->adredus ally lefend
dejavu--->dejavu ally khaos
dejavu--->dejavu ally roger
